NAMCharlatan
GOP15
FEA[False Identity] You have created a second identity that includes documentation, established acquaintances, and disguises that allow you to assume that persona. Additionally, you can forge documents including official papers and personal letters, as long as you have seen an example of the kind of document or the handwriting you are trying to copy.
PROdisguise kit
PROforgery kit
SKIDeception
SKISleight of Hand
EQUset of fine clothes
EQUdisguise kit
EQUtools of the con
PERI fall in and out of love easily, and am always pursuing someone.
PERI have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
PERFlattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
PERI'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
PERI lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to.
PERSarcasm and insults are my weapons of choice.
PERI keep multiple holy symbols on me and invoke whatever deity might come in useful at any given moment.
PERI pocket anything I see that might have some value.
IDEIndependence. I am a free spirit – no one tells me what to do.
IDEFairness. I never target people who can't afford to lose a few coins.
IDECharity. I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it.
IDECreativity. I never run the same con twice.
IDEFriendship. Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever.
IDEAspiration. I'm determined to make something of myself.
BONI fleeced the wrong person and must work to ensure that this individual never crosses paths with me or those I care about.
BONI owe everything to my mentor – a horrible person who's probably rotting in jail somewhere.
BONSomewhere out there, I have a child who doesn't know me. I'm making the world better for them.
BONI come from a noble family, and one day I'll reclaim my lands and title from those who stole them from me.
BONA powerful person killed someone I love. Some day soon, I'll have my revenge.
BONI swindled and ruined a person who didn't deserve it. I seek to atone for my misdeeds but might never be able to forgive myself.
FLAI can't resist a pretty face.
FLAI'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
FLAI'm convinced that no one could ever fool me the way I fool others.
FLAI'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
FLAI can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
FLAI hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.
