NAMCriminal
GOP15
FEA[Criminal Contact] You have a reliable and trustworthy contact who acts as your liaison to a network of other criminals. You know how to get messages to and from your contact, even over great distances; specifically, you know the local messengers, corrupt caravan masters, and seedy sailors who can deliver messages for you.
PROone type of gaming set
PROthieves' tools
SKIDeception
SKIStealth
EQUcrowbar
EQUset of dark common clothes including a hood
PERI always have a plan for what to do when things go wrong.
PERI am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
PERThe first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable – or where such things could be hidden.
PERI would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
PERI am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
PERI don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
PERThe best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
PERI blow up at the slightest insult.
IDEHonor. I don't steal from others in the trade.
IDEFreedom. Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them.
IDECharity. I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need.
IDEGreed. I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy.
IDEPeople. I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care.
IDERedemption. There's a spark of good in everyone.
BONI'm trying to pay off an old debt I owe to a generous benefactor.
BONMy ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
BONSomething important was taken from me, and I aim to steal it back.
BONI will become the greatest thief that ever lived.
BONI'm guilty of a terrible crime. I hope I can redeem myself for it.
BONSomeone I loved died because of I mistake I made. That will never happen again.
FLAWhen I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
FLAWhen faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
FLAIf there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
FLAI have a "tell" that reveals when I'm lying.
FLAI turn tail and run when things look bad.
FLAAn innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
