NAMEntertainer
GOP15
FEA[By Popular Demand] You can always find a place to perform, usually in an inn or tavern but possibly with a circus, at a theater, or even in a noble's court. At such a place, you receive free lodging and food of a modest or comfortable standard (depending on the quality of the establishment), as long as you perform each night. In addition, your performance makes you something of a local figure. When strangers recognize you in a town where you have performed, they typically take a liking to you.
PROdisguise kit
PROone type of musical instrument
SKIAcrobatics
SKIPerformance
EQUone musical instrument
EQUthe favor of an admirer
EQUcostume
PERI know a story relevant to almost every situation.
PERWhenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
PERI'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that "special someone."
PERNobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
PERI love a good insult, even one directed at me.
PERI get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
PERI'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
PERI change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.
IDEBeauty. When I perform, I make the world better than it was.
IDETradition. The stories, legends, and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are.
IDECreativity. The world is in need of new ideas and bold action.
IDEGreed. I'm only in it for the money and fame.
IDEPeople. I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters.
IDEHonesty. Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are.
BONMy instrument is my most treasured possession, and it reminds me of someone I love.
BONSomeone stole my precious instrument, and someday I'll get it back.
BONI want to be famous, whatever it takes.
BONI idolize a hero of the old tales and measure my deeds against that person's.
BONI will do anything to prove myself superior to my hated rival.
BONI would do anything for the other members of my old troupe.
FLAI'll do anything to win fame and renown.
FLAI'm a sucker for a pretty face.
FLAA scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
FLAI once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
FLAI have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
FLADespite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
